README.md, before:

<p align="left">
  <img width=580px src="images/logo.svg">
  <br>
  <a style="display: inline-block" href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/">
    <img alt="Maintained?" src="https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2019.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/commits/master">
    <img alt="Last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/tags">
    <img alt="Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/tag/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29&label=version">
  </a>
</p>

# Goodreads Dark (Jade) theme
This is a dark theme for the [goodreads.com](https://www.goodreads.com) website. This custom userstyle follows [UserCSS](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus/wiki/UserCSS) guidelines.

**Too green?**
Try the [-Zero saturation version](#dark-jade-zero-saturation). It keeps the accent colors the same but zeros out the saturation on the backgrounds making it more grey.

## Table of Contents

1. [Preview](#preview)
2. [How to use](#how-to-use)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Color Palette](#color-palette)
5. [Notes](#notes)

## Preview
### Dark Jade
![Goodreads - Recent](images/ss-gr-recent.png)
![Goodreads - Choice Awards](images/ss-gr-2018-choice.png)

### Dark Jade Zero Saturation
![Goodreads - Recent](images/ss-gr-recent-zerosat.png)

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## How to use

A userstyle extension for your browser is required, here are a few to choose from:

- [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/), [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en), or [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/stylus/).
- xStyle for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/xstyle/) or [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/xstyle/hncgkmhphmncjohllpoleelnibpmccpj).

Install the dark theme with the links below. They support automatic updates.

- [Install goodreads.com Dark (Jade) theme](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark.user.css)
- [Install goodreads.com Dark (Jade) **-Zero saturation** theme](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css)

Then, the raw file will open in the browser and the extension will open a new tab asking to install it. After clicking *'install style'*, you're finished.

Or visit the [Goodreads dark (jade) theme](https://userstyles.org/styles/166991/goodreads-dark-jade-theme) at Userstyles.org and click **Install Style**

Copy and pasting the [goodreads-dark.user.css](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark.user.css) or [goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css) file into the extension also works.

Further instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus/wiki/UserCSS#usercss-file).

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Contributing

Open an issue first to discuss potential changes/additions.

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Color palette

### Accent colors (jade)
![Jade color scheme](images/jade-palette.png)
*Image created in [Color Deck](https://color.obscuredetour.com)*

### Background & text colors
![Jade color scheme](images/jade-palette_bkg-txt.png)
*Image created in [Color Deck](https://color.obscuredetour.com)*

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Notes

##### Why is it so green?

The color scheme was inspired by Jade City. Here's why,

![Goodreads.com default link color](images/og-jade_default-gr-link.png)

  1. The color above is Goodreads.com default link color. `hsl(176, 100%, 19%)`

  2. I read [Jade City by Fonda Lee](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34606064-jade-city) right before creating this.

  3. What can I say? I had jade on my mind.

### Bigger project than anticipated

This turned out to be a **HUGE** undertaking. It definitely was the hardest I have tackled thus far. Holy mackrel, why is goodreads so against reusing styles?

I also took liberties with some aesthetics.
- The removal of many borders.
- Increased some padding here and there.
- Rounded out some corners.

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Archived Screenshots

[v1.1 - Goodreads - Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-explore.png)

[v1.1 - Goodreads - News & Interviews](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-news.png)

[v1.1 - Goodreads - 2018 Choice Awards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-2018-choice.png)

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

Commit message:

default changed to zero saturation

README.md, after:

<p align="left">
  <img width=580px src="images/logo.svg">
  <br>
  <a style="display: inline-block" href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/">
    <img alt="Maintained?" src="https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2019.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/commits/master">
    <img alt="Last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/tags">
    <img alt="Tag" src="https://img.shields.io/github/tag/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark.svg?colorB=hsl%28165%2C%2042%25%2C%2035%25%29&label=version">
  </a>
</p>

# Goodreads Dark (Jade) theme
This is a dark theme for the [goodreads.com](https://www.goodreads.com) website. This custom userstyle follows [UserCSS](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus/wiki/UserCSS) guidelines.

## 2 versions
**Default**
[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-285959.svg)](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark.user.css)
This is now the [-Zero saturation version](#dark-jade-zero-saturation). It keeps the accent colors the same but zeros out the saturation on the backgrounds making it more grey. The `zerosat` file will remain for users who have this installed.

**Jade (OG)**
[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-285959.svg)](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark-og.user.css)
Jade (OG) is the original theme. [Seen here](#dark-jade).

## Table of Contents

1. [Preview](#preview)
2. [How to use](#how-to-use)
3. [Contributing](#contributing)
4. [Color Palette](#color-palette)
5. [Notes](#notes)

## Preview
### Dark Jade
![Goodreads - Recent](images/ss-gr-recent.png)
![Goodreads - Choice Awards](images/ss-gr-2018-choice.png)

### Dark Jade Zero Saturation
![Goodreads - Recent](images/ss-gr-recent-zerosat.png)

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## How to use

A userstyle extension for your browser is required, here are a few to choose from:

- [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/), [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en), or [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/stylus/).
- xStyle for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/xstyle/) or [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/xstyle/hncgkmhphmncjohllpoleelnibpmccpj).

Install the dark theme with the links below. They support automatic updates.

- [Install goodreads.com Dark (Jade) theme](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark.user.css)
- [Install goodreads.com Dark (Jade) **-Zero saturation** theme](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css)

Then, the raw file will open in the browser and the extension will open a new tab asking to install it. After clicking *'install style'*, you're finished.

Or visit the [Goodreads dark (jade) theme](https://userstyles.org/styles/166991/goodreads-dark-jade-theme) at Userstyles.org and click **Install Style**

Copy and pasting the [goodreads-dark.user.css](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark.user.css) or [goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css](https://github.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/raw/master/goodreads-dark-zerosat.user.css) file into the extension also works.

Further instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus/wiki/UserCSS#usercss-file).

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Contributing

Open an issue first to discuss potential changes/additions.

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Color palette

### Accent colors (jade)
![Jade color scheme](images/jade-palette.png)
*Image created in [Color Deck](https://color.obscuredetour.com)*

### Background & text colors
![Jade color scheme](images/jade-palette_bkg-txt.png)
*Image created in [Color Deck](https://color.obscuredetour.com)*

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Notes

##### Why is it so green?

The color scheme was inspired by Jade City. Here's why,

![Goodreads.com default link color](images/og-jade_default-gr-link.png)

  1. The color above is Goodreads.com default link color. `hsl(176, 100%, 19%)`

  2. I read [Jade City by Fonda Lee](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34606064-jade-city) right before creating this.

  3. What can I say? I had jade on my mind.

### Bigger project than anticipated

This turned out to be a **HUGE** undertaking. It definitely was the hardest I have tackled thus far. Holy mackrel, why is goodreads so against reusing styles?

I also took liberties with some aesthetics.
- The removal of many borders.
- Increased some padding here and there.
- Rounded out some corners.

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**

## Archived Screenshots

[v1.1 - Goodreads - Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-explore.png)

[v1.1 - Goodreads - News & Interviews](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-news.png)

[v1.1 - Goodreads - 2018 Choice Awards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obscuredetour/goodreads-dark/master/images/ss_v1.1-gr-2018-choice.png)

**[Back to top](#table-of-contents)**
